We're going to make a cabbage juice with
lemon not
a juice with many mineral vitamins
enzymes and mainly antioxidant
so what is the main function of it
eliminated the toxins of our organism
improving the skin the hair at disposal
and giving a mature ending nothing in the
metabolism is where you were invited to
fight to help people in the preparation
and how you will use longer
Sauce in chlorinated water 30 minutes
after that we will wait for peace
chain again
dm zhou dried we can freeze the
koff folding sheet is not to put in a
bag or into a pot and freeze
I 've already frozen for ten days and went to do
the juice remained the same color and
with the same bag because if I leave it on
refrigerator will start to love and there I go
End up getting you vacant in another
preparation
this is already widespread both the
cow how much mint
We have here or a liter of water and the
people will use even more that has the
rich author two recipe from you
Cabbage Leaves Leaves Medium
Come on, we'll rip you by the hand.
she whole
the stalk also goes the mint
we can also put together with the
carlinho directly there will give of the taste
of you more or less and mint and it is
interesting because he is not
anti-inflammatory and helps to soften
Abdominal pains help calm the
stomach and intestine
Now what's the next step to cabbage?
mint
The only water in this and the lemon
now it's optional if we want to paste
or not then, so we can
realize that he has had some
little sheets
this is the pure ibra is to form better
acceptance we got to write
enough to get out all the water that is
I'm going to move here again now.
that we put the lemon and like it
the recipe we have how many of us are
one suggestion is we can use more
or less according to taste
and for us it 's the juice site where
people are going to use her initially were
dancing only with sugar would put 4
spoons of sugar will put four
two days of sugar and completed and then
will it work?
Come on, two women, please.
At home you always have the
white sugar then we will use
for the reduced amount and will
complete when the blood goes there and
will put three more parts
now we'll prove it's our juice
Nutritious Cabbage with Lemon and Mint
Who's going to be our guinea pig?
I do not have a delight, ee cissokho.
also helps in weight loss help
because the antioxidant underwear and help
eliminated so the body increase
helps to regulate metabolism so
helps in the process of losing weight if